README.MD, before:

# Smooth Chat

# ⚠ Warning - this mod adds animation to the chat of the game which may potentially trigger seizures for people with photosensitive epilepsy. Usage discretion is advised. Read the license/unlicense.

## About

Mod for making the chat smoothly move upwards whenever sending/receiving a message.
The mod is available in Fabric and Forge.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30224138/181398036-bd8b44a8-52ae-4ec1-8ca5-501ff1046f89.mp4


## Requirements

### Fabric:

[![Requires Fabric API](./resources/requires-fabric-api.svg)](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric)

[![Requires Architectury](./resources/requires-architectury.svg)](https://github.com/architectury/architectury-api)

### Forge:

[![Requires Architectury](./resources/requires-architectury.svg)](https://github.com/architectury/architectury-api)

## Commands

- `/smoothchat reset` - resets all the values to default
- `/smoothchat true/false` - activates or deactivates the smooth chat
- `/smoothchat speed <float-seconds>` - sets the time in seconds or fractions of a second for the chat transition
- `/smoothchat config reload` - loads the values set in the configuration file for the mod

## Configuration

The mod creates a file named `smoothchat-config.json` in the config directory of the game instance.
This instance looks like

```json
{
  "SmoothChat": true,
  "TransitionTimeFloat": 0.5
}
```

- `SmoothChat` - a boolean that indicates whether the smooth chat is enabled or not
- `TransitionTimeFloat` - a float specifying the time for the transition in seconds or fractions of a second


## License

This mod was made using various libraries. They have their own licenses:

- Architectury API - https://github.com/architectury/architectury-api 
- Fabric API - https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric

This mod itself is available under [The Unlicense](https://unlicense.org/)

Commit message:

Added left-to-right transition

README.MD, after:

# Smooth Chat

# ⚠ Warning - this mod adds animation to the chat of the game which may potentially trigger seizures for people with photosensitive epilepsy. Usage discretion is advised. Read the license/unlicense.

## About

Mod for making the chat smoothly move upwards whenever sending/receiving a message.
The mod is available in Fabric and Forge.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30224138/181398036-bd8b44a8-52ae-4ec1-8ca5-501ff1046f89.mp4


## Requirements

### Fabric:

[![Requires Fabric API](./resources/requires-fabric-api.svg)](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric)

[![Requires Architectury](./resources/requires-architectury.svg)](https://github.com/architectury/architectury-api)

### Forge:

[![Requires Architectury](./resources/requires-architectury.svg)](https://github.com/architectury/architectury-api)

## Commands

| Command                                       | Description                                                               | Side   |
|-----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| `/smoothchat reset`                           | resets all the values to default                                          | Client |
| `/smoothchat true/false`                      | activates or deactivates the smooth chat                                  | Client |
| `/smoothchat speed <float-seconds>`           | sets the time in seconds or fractions of a second for the chat transition | Client |
| `/smoothchat config reload`                   | loads the values set in the configuration file for the mod                | Client |
| `/smoothchat upward-animation true/false`     | toggles the **Upward** animation                                          | Client |
| `/smoothchat left-right-animation true/false` | toggles the **Left To Right** animation                                   | Client |

- `/smoothchat reset` - resets all the values to default
- `/smoothchat true/false` - activates or deactivates the smooth chat
- `/smoothchat speed <float-seconds>` - sets the time in seconds or fractions of a second for the chat transition
- `/smoothchat config reload` - loads the values set in the configuration file for the mod
- `/smoothchat upward-animation true/false` - toggles the **Upward** animation
- `/smoothchat left-right-animation true/false` - toggles the **Left To Right** animation
## Configuration

The mod creates a file named `smoothchat-config.json` in the config directory of the game instance.
This instance looks like

```json
{
  "SmoothChat": true,
  "TransitionTimeFloat": 0.5,
  "LeftToRight": true,
  "Upward": false
}
```

- `SmoothChat` - a boolean that indicates whether the smooth chat is enabled or not
- `TransitionTimeFloat` - a float specifying the time for the transition in seconds or fractions of a second
- `LeftToRight` - a boolean specifying if the animation should be from left to right. Mutually exclusive with **Upwards**
- `Upward` - a float specifying whether the animation should be upwards. Mutually exclusive with **LeftToRight**

## License

This mod was made using various libraries. They have their own licenses:

- Architectury API - https://github.com/architectury/architectury-api 
- Fabric API - https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric

This mod itself is available under [The Unlicense](https://unlicense.org/)
